How many here?
Have heard of.
Arkansas crater of diamonds state park.
Okay.
For those of you that haven't.
There's a 37 and a half acre plowed
Feel there.
Which is the surface of an ancient diamond-bearing volcanic.
Crater.
looks just like feel when you get up there that.
Thankfully, it's an inactive.
Volcano and people can go there and actually dig for diamonds.
And here's the neat part whatever diamonds you find
are yours.
You don't have to
Pay
You know for any of it yeah i mean you pay to get in there
But you don't have to pay if you.
I think the biggest diamond that's ever been found look like from the pictures about that big around.
And of course there's lots of little ones.
But
Glinda and I and Ken
have done that.
you know,
And some friends of ours are are
Talking about getting together going there
To dig for diamonds.
Hmm
But you know, it was fun while we were there, because you always had.
you know, in the back of your head, what if I find one?
You know.
But what if this one says that
We didn't, but that's Ok.
If you look up on their site, there have been.
Quite a few found,
And and one of them about that big.
Thank you.
Hmm
of course finding one is just the first
Step,
Because there are definitely diamonds in the rough.
It's my understanding that there are many steps between
Finding the gem.
And then getting it ready to be mounted and displayed.
And that brought to my mind that we're a lot like that too.
after we accept the Lord as Savior
We need to go under under go some
Polishing and work.
Some of us, speaking mainly of myself,
Require a lot of promise of polishing.
Hmm
If we can read about the true treasure of serving God, though, in Matthew 13, verse 13, it says,
44 and 40 through 46 is what a 44 is.
Looking at today, the parable of the hidden treasure.
Again, the kingdom of heaven.
It's like treasure hidden in a field.
Which a man found and hid,
And for joy over it.
He goes and sells all that he has and buys that field.
Again, the kingdom of heaven is like a merchant seeking beautiful pearls.
Who, when he'd found one pearl of great price,
Went and sold all that he had,
And bought it.
What I first notice here is that great treasure
Does not generally fall into our laps.
Rather, we need to seek it.
And what will be the greatest treasure of all?
Thou will be the Lord's salvation.
Wouldn't it?
And then
And when, I'm sorry, would be the best time to find.
That salvation.
I'm thinking as early as possible.
Because again, that polishing thing takes time.
Anyway
Isaiah 55:6 says, "Seek the Lord."
While he may be found,
Call upon him while he is near.
Zephaniah chapter two is titled Judgment on Judah's enemies. Verse three speaks to the meek ones of the earth.
Those who seek to serve him.
1 verse 3 says, Seek the Lord, all you meek of the earth who have upheld his justice. Seek righteousness.
Seek humility.
It may be that you will be hidden in the day of the Lord's anger.
That would be a good thing.
Hebrews 10:19 says, Therefore, brethren,
Having
1.
By a new and living way which he.
Consecrated for us,
Through the veil, that is his flesh,
and having a high priest over the house of God,
Let us draw nearer.
With a true heart
1. In full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from evil, 2.
From an evil conscience and our bodies washed with pure water.
Let us hold fast the confession of our hope without wavering,
For he who promised,
Is faithful.
And let us consider one another in order to stir up love and good works.
Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together.
As is the manner of some,
But exhorting one another.
And so much the more.
As we see the day approaching.
And let us consider one another in order to stir up love and good works.
This is what I'm wanting to do.
today.
I'm wanting to exhort us to come together and seek
Jesus' strength.
And his blessings
i think joshua said it well.
Let's start in Joshua 24, 14.
Mmm
And fifteen.
Now therefore,
Fear the Lord.
Serve him in sincerity and truth, and put away the gods which your father served on the other side of the river and in Egypt.
"'Serve the Lord, and if it seems evil to you, to serve the Lord.'"
Choose for yourselves this day whom you will receive.
will serve, whether the gods of
Which your father served that were on the other side of the river.
Or the gods of the amorites in whose land you dwell,
But as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
Let us focus on serving him and not the problems.
That have arisen.
We don't want to...
Let it.
Problems sidetrack us because if that's going to work
Satan will give you lots of things to do.
Hmm
we need to rest.
On our faith,
In him.
In his strength.
Because he
Is?
The difference.